	The preview I have so far isn't showing much since most of my sounds are going to be sourced by me. So far, it only has the basic crowd "white noise" and some other basic stuff like the opening whistle. I also added in a crowd cheering sound and a goal horn sound in where I think they'll fit nicely once I get my other sounds. The crowd cheering and goal horn sit near the end right now because I plan on the goal being the start of the conclusion of this piece. It will take you through a play in a hockey game and end with a goal. Another idea I had is just to make a cut-up version of a hockey game with different snippets here and there but since its hard to differentiate two plays using only sound that may be hard to do.

	My plan moving forward is to start recording all the other sounds I need to finish this project. To do this, I plan on going to a rink sometime this weekend to get some of the sounds I'll need such as shooting, passing, puck hitting boards, and puck hitting the post. I'll also record some voice lines and get a friend to record some voice lines to create a conversation between the players and between players and the ref. I have a pretty good vision of how I want this soundscape to be laid out so once I record all of my sounds I should be in good shape. I don’t plan on scripting many (or any) of the voice lines for this project because talking in a hockey game is very unscripted and it would feel unnatural to have something prewritten. The only way I can think of doing a script is if I think of a good line naturally and write it down in the moment, not adding any fluff to it. 
